[glass shatters]
Sorry. Slipped from my hand.
So, we have a contract?
A very lucrative contract.
To go to Japan and eliminate
the assassin known as the Dingo,
with whom I believe
I've crossed paths before.
-Yes, dear.
-Excellent.
Well, I should prepare. Colleagues.
God, he really hates glasses now.
-Yeah.
-Well, that went better than expected.
[retching]
Jesus, are you throwing up from your soul?
[groans] Yeah, most of my soul
is actually in here now,
right next to the corn,
which I haven't eaten in a week.
Either you just dredged up
a painfully repressed memory,
or you ordered the all-you-can-eat,
day-old shrimp fry from Cajun Casey's.
-[groans] Yep, one of those.
-I can't resist it either.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
[retching]
Quick question.
What in the goddamned hell?
It says it was
his first mission as an agent.
The Dingo killed his first love.
Other than Ms. Archer, of course.
-Still gross.
-Still hot.
-Paging Dr. Oedipus.
-Why?
Also, when did he become a doctor?
-And is he single?
-Okay, refocusing!
It says here the Dingo may be
the most elusive person on the planet,
and Archer was never the same
after his first mission.
[Lana] So he was a better spy
before all this happened?
[Malory] Well--
Okay, you're saying
you're glad he had this trauma
because it made him a great spy,
but now he needs to deal with it
to become a better spy?
Oh, I wouldn't say that…
but yes.
[McGinley] Sterling, I've made these tapes
to prepare you for your first mission.
I could tell you all of this, of course,
but I might be otherwise occupied.
[chuckles]
So cool.
Now, these won't be the standard methods,
but you were never
top of your class by the book.
You have something special.
Intuition, feel.
And if you learn to trust it,
you'll come through just fine.
Oh, God. [groans] Oh, my God.
-[gasps]
-I-- I spilled my drink!
-Oh!
-Oh, God.
Okay, I get that.
Yep.
Uh, two rooms for myself
and my rakishly handsome,
yet somehow single nephew, Sterling.
I'll make a note.
"Weird, uncle-nephew relationship."
Uh. So, uh, what brings you
to the, uh, this hotel?
A bike. And a desire to not starve.
[chuckles]
-Your uncle's a bit of a character.
-My-- My what? Oh.
Yeah, yeah, he's a handful.
Or is "handful" just what they call
a sleazebag in America?
Oh, come on. He's not a bag of sleaze.
He's, you know, more of a thin coating.
-[bell rings]
-[giggles]
So this is my first time in Tokyo.
Uh, think you could maybe show me
around a little tonight?
Just think how funny it'll be
when you ditch me
at the bathhouse
after stealing my clothes.
Tell you what. I'll think about it.
-Um, how-- how hard?
-Well, you tell me.
And phrasing. Delightful.
You must find a way to embrace the moment,
exist entirely within it.
The rest, the rest is easy.
So we just gonna stare
at the lobby of a hotel
we're not staying at
like the world's worst stalkers?
Goddamn it, Lana!
Do the words "complex inner journey"
mean nothing to you?
They mean something to me!
The mystery of human life.
The strangeness. All the blood.
He took "inner journey" literally!
Just drive, Metamucil.
[McGinley] Our mission
is to protect this man,
Tadashi Kodo,
from an assassin known as the Dingo.
Who is he?
Political freedom fighter? Scientist?
[gasps] My secret father?
-The head of the yakuza.
-Japanese organized crime?
Hard to feel like
the good guys on this one.
Good, bad, these are just words.
But true evil is real.
Evil is what you call someone
who isn't paying you.
-Here, have a drink.
-Oh, no. I'm trying to stay sharp.
Wouldn't recommend it.
I've seen your training scores.
Um, can we go back to the McGinley
who thought I was great?
Let me put this delicately.
Your analytical mind is not your strength.
Wow. That did not feel delicate.
First time never does.
Simply put,
you need to trust your intuition.
So what's a little frontal
lobe paralysis between friends?
All right. But, you know, just this once.
That's what I always say. Kanpai!
[Lana] Well, if you're finished.
I'm never finished, Lana!
So you're welcome.
All right, shut up. Let's get into this.
William Radken, ex-MI6,
now a freelance fixer.
The Dingo's gonna kill him.
Not our problem.
Yes! I love it when things
aren't our problem!
MI6. Wonder how much training they need
to fetch coffee for the CIA.
Oh, it's really humiliating
how they don't work for their mom, right?
Krieger, you're here for comms
and surveillance tech.
And for my extensive knowledge
of Japanese culture.
Reading a couple dirty comics
doesn't make you an expert.
We need to stay close to William and wait
for our moment to neutralize the Dingo.
Which is why you should flirt with
and probably date William.
Ooh! Development!
Quiet down. His room is next door.
And being that close to an active target
seems like a great way to die.
Oh, come on.
At best, it's a pretty good way to die.
And what are our other options here?
I could try to reanimate
and remote control a corpse.
That's always your plan.
[groans] I'll get suited up.
So… [clears throat]
…to make you more comfortable…
I should go change.
Uh. Why?
Glengoolie Blue, neat.
Better make it a double
after that bullshit.
[laughs] Is it bullshit season already?
Yeah, fly you a few thousand miles
to tell you they're not ready to decide.
-Same as it ever was.
-[sighs]
But it does tend to bring out
the inherent pointlessness of life.
I'll drink to that, sweetheart.
This isn't what I expected.
How so?
-I guess it's less Japanese.
-[laughs]
That is the thing about Japan.
Hey, why is your English so good?
You know, classic star-crossed lovers,
complex immigration stuff,
Dad's not around anymore.
You know how that goes.
Yeah, well, I didn't
even know my father so--
Sometimes I kinda wish I didn't know mine.
-But c'est la vie.
-Is that Japanese for something?
Yeah. "Life's a shit show."
[William] Of course it is.
When you're married
to someone from work, again.
Well, look at you, going right
back to the well you pissed in.
Elegantly put.
Well, I married someone I didn't work with
and now he owns the company.
Sometimes the well pisses back.
You don't think she actually
likes him, do you?
Subtle flush, open body language,
gesture amplitude increasing--
-That's a no, right? Say it's a no!
-Why are you so mad?
Look, on a mission,
feelings don't end well. It'll ruin--
-They're not an option!
-[woman] Ugh.
Come on, man, not working
for your mother is always an option.
You haven't met her
and stared into those eyes.
Like a combination of a shark
and two bigger sharks.
-Have you tried bopping her on the nose?
-Only in my dreams.
I woke up apologizing
with a giant erection.
[laughing]
Uh, maybe too much for a first date?
-Oh. So you think this is a date?
-Uh, maybe?
[glass shatters]
First date, ten years ago,
that was probably my best kiss.
-Did not call me back.
-Oof. Real slap in the nuts.
[groans]
Sorry, Wild One, I didn't mean
to interrupt your costume party.
Kinda woozy from that kiss, you know?
-High five?
-[speaking Japanese]
Uh, that didn't sound
like Japanese for "high five."
[speaking Japanese]
-[grunts]
-"Stay gold, Ponyboy!"
Whoo!
So here we are.
Two romantically unavailable people
with an undeniable rapport.
-[grunts]
-[patrons screaming]
[glass shatters]
[Lana] Enjoying each other's company.
[groans]
[William] While our spouses
are thousands of miles away.
Let's get out of here!
Let's get out of here.
Ah… Can't do it.
[sighs] Nope. Too married.
Tell you what, though. What if--
I can't wait for how weird
this is gonna be.
What if we go into your room,
cuddle for five minutes?
-No kissing.
-And then we retire to our separate rooms
and then pleasure ourselves
intensely enough to cause injury.
And I am setting my watch.
Feelings were bad enough, but Jesus,
just cheat like a decent person.
-Goddamn, that's weird.
-Yeah, I know, right?
Ooh-hoo! This one's a real page-turner.
-Oh, no! She's gone!
-Oh, hey, Reiko.
But now I'm pretending to be cool.
I don't think she noticed. [giggles]
-I gotta get to work.
-Oh, crap. Yeah, I should--
Check with your "uncle"
about your "vacation"?
Uh, I assume you're using
those finger quotes for emphasis.
Because I'm an ignorant monster
who doesn't understand quotation marks?
Look, Sterling, your uncle's
been through here a few times.
And let me give you a tip.
The hotel staff always knows everything.
-Like everything, everything?
-Yup. Not that we want to.
Hey, uh, can we maybe--
Sterling, I went out with you
because I was bored
and you looked like a dumb bit of fun.
Yeah, uh, same here.
I was just gonna ask you
if we could never see each other again.
But, I will say, you've got
something interesting going on.
But let me tell you
the one thing I don't like.
-Do you have to?
-Your name.
"Sterling"? Doesn't really fit you.
You could call me Archer.
Hmm. I like that.
See you later, Archer.
And then, bang,
she hits the guy with a beer bottle,
and we zoom away on her motorcycle.
And I just really like her, you know?
-[speaking Japanese]
-[clears throat]
Mr. Kodo says that if we're going
to play grab-ass all day,
he would've brought thicker gloves.
Sterling, appreciate the energy,
but let's get back to business, eh?
Oh, could you actually call me Archer?
My girlfriend likes that better.
Reiko. She's Japanese. So cool.
Okay, so first off,
before we set the agenda here,
let's all be extra respectful
of the encounter that Lana had last night.
By bringing it up immediately?
I'm saying,
now that it has been brought up,
I forget by whom,
we should be respectful about it.
Though it was pretty messed up.
Hey, you still working
on that helmet for dolphins
that lets them communicate sexual consent?
Smoke bomb!
Look, your voyage
of masturbatory exploration aside--
If it's aside,
why do you keep bringing it up?
-And even if that were cheating--
-I didn't say cheating. You did.
But it totally is. Continue.
You hate Robert, so why do you even care?
Look, if you want to "quasi-ghost-bang"
some ex-spy
from a second-tier organization…
Oh, my God, it always comes back
to the same old dick-swinging.
Ha! Not true.
This involves, at minimum,
two kinds of dick-swinging.
But look, when feelings get mixed
into missions, bad stuff happens.
So for now, let's just focus
on the next step in the plan.
Which is?
Getting William out in the open
so the Dingo can try to kill him.
[sighs] Goddamn it.
Ah, shit. Sniper!
[grunts]
[McGinley] Sterling!
Archer, stop thinking. Move!
[screaming]
He is saying, "Holy shit!"
When did you get here?
At some point, the training takes over.
And then you ignore the training
and listen to your inner awesomeness.
I just can't imagine what it
feels like to be shot at.
Yeah, well, I guess,
I didn't actually get shot at.
Come to think of it,
I didn't even see a sniper.
Was there one?
Why would McGinley fake a sniper?
Other than gaining him the total trust
of the head of the yakuza?
Wow. I just realized something.
We should have sex again.
-How about behind that tree over there?
-And that is why I love you.
Whoops.
You're sure the Dingo will have to
move out into the open to take the shot?
[Krieger] As long as she stays between
that table and that plant,
the Dingo has to move into the open.
Right on cue.
The Dingo! [vocalizes dramatically]
Damn it, Krieger!
Relax, at this distance, it's physically
impossible for them to hear us.
There's something to be said
for the mood of a time and place.
That's what the dolphins keep saying.
Come on.
Step out. Step out and I'll be free.
Actually, the human mind
can't heal like that.
We're doomed to play out
the same patterns over and over
until we deal with the root causes.
[Archer] And…
no!
[Krieger] Backup plan!
I stashed the Krieger drone nearby.
-We have drone liftoff.
-[beeping]
And I'm following.
And the Dingo noticed me.
And now shot me.
-[beeping dies down]
-Aw.
So, I guess Lana had some second thoughts.
Yes, I would like to talk
to her about that.
[straining]
Well, you make some great points,
but maybe I thought endangering
an innocent bystander wasn't worth it.
Endangering innocent bystanders
is, like, 90% of what we do.
And the other 10% of the time,
we're on break.
Look, I don't want the guy to die.
That is just so selfish.
I would kill six of this guy myself,
but I guess that's just
because I'm a professional.
So we are gonna do this again
and make sure you don't tell
Mr. Cuddles anything
because otherwise, it doesn't work.
Please, Mr. Cuddles is my father.
Call me Cuddle-boo-boo.
Goddamn it!
[McGinley] My guess is that the Dingo
will take his shot at Kodo
at the wrestling stadium.
That's what I would do.
You're ready for this, Sterling.
Just trust your instincts.
-[bell rings]
-[grunts]
I did not think it was
this kind of wrestling.
[scoffs]
[speaking Japanese]
Mr. Kodo says that
if he wants to see a grown man
in a diaper hug another man,
he will check your hotel room later.
Sick burn, Mr. Kodo!
I gotta say, for a yakuza boss,
he seems pretty chill.
Though you did just give me a high three.
Sometimes Mr. Kodo's jokes
don't land as well as he likes.
Oh, Sterling, I need you
to do a sweep of the VIP area.
Wait. You want me
to leave you alone with Kodo?
I can handle things here.
I told you, thinking
isn't your strong suit.
Just do it and come back.
[crowd cheering]
[banging]
Reiko! What are you doing here?
Duh, I'm a concierge.
I can get tickets to anything.
Ax Yamaguchi doing the Scissor Guillotine
is basically pure sex.
Also, maybe I wanted
to make sure you were okay.
I don't know.
Something isn't right about this.
McGinley said to trust my instincts, and
my instincts say you shouldn't be here.
-I don't want you to get hurt.
-What a coincidence.
I also don't want me to get hurt.
-But I can take care of myself.
-[grunts]
Oh, shit! Right through the table!
-Whoo-hoo!
-Damn it,
-we've lost containment. Not good.
-[bell rings]
-Everyone ready?
-Also, follow up,
-does everyone love rhetorical questions?
-Ass.
Hold on, I just had my pass.
McGinley!
-[gunshot]
-[crowd screaming]
-McGinley, stay with me! I need you!
-[groans]
You'll figure it out.
I did.
I mean, until now, obviously.
I had a big speech all planned,
but I can't remember it right now.
McGinley!
Come on. You can make it.
Damn it. I had something for this.
[gasping]
[crying]
McGinley!
[Krieger making revving sounds]
Hi, Reiko. Been a while.
Switch in the tunnel.
Huh, not a bad trick.
-Smoke bomb!
-[coughing]
Oh, man, that's way more effective
than just yelling it. [coughs]
Go around and cut her off!
Oh. [grunts] Krieger, get this off!
Good thought,
but I don't think we have time for that.
Remove it from my face!
Oh, gotcha.
Yeah, you just poke it right here.
Ow! Shit!
-Can you run slower, you think?
-I got shot!
We all get shot, Lana!
Great work, team! Maybe next time
you can give her a map too!
And then learn English
so you can understand this insult!
We all know English! [speaking Japanese]
My cardio's still great
if you were wondering!
-I wasn't!
-I've also learned cool new sex stuff!
-I was pretty inexperienced back then.
-[laughs]
Tell me about it!
You just sort of flopped around
like an epileptic fish.
Now you're just trying
to hurt my feelings!
Drop it, Reiko.
There's nowhere left to go.
Not by myself, sure.
But what if we went together?
Oh, come on. What if we just
ran away and figured this thing out?
Archer, we've both done things we regret.
Maybe here's where we start over.
[grunts]
-I really wish you hadn't done that.
-[gunshot]
[grunting]
Who knows what would've happened?
Archer…
You okay?
I know that when I look over the edge,
she's just gonna have disappeared again.
-Nope. Wow. She is real dead.
-Yup.
Well, the good news is,
I feel exactly zero percent better.
Well, you did just get stabbed.
Strong point, Lana. But you know what?
Reiko is the one
who started calling me Archer.
So I think from now on,
you should call me Sterling.
-Really?
-No, forget it.
Bad idea.
I have a lot invested in that name.
I mean, just from
a branding perspective alone.
-I'm just sorry this all happened to you.
-Yeah, me too.
-Sorry you ruined your marriage.
-Now, Archer? Really?
[chuckles] Uh-oh.
No time for a retort. Archer out.